Around the corner, danger lurks.
Careful you must be when friends you do not fully trust.
Clear your mind will become when silent sit you do.
Easy to anger am I, vigilance constant requires this weakness of mine.
Fear leads to anger anger leads to hate.
To the dark side fear will take you.
A lot to learn you still have.
Anger the path to the dark side is.
Become more powerful you have.
Before the dark times this was.
Calm you must keep.
Concentrate, feel the force flow.
Confidence you lack.
Dangerous and disturbing this puzzle is.
Done well you have.
Easily sensed the dark side is.
Failed you your masters have.
Foolish you were to come here.
Future you see, hmm?
Good against remotes is one thing.
Good relations with the Wookiees I have.
Great warrior once was I.
Greed can be a powerful ally.
Grown more and more powerful the Emperor has.
If no mistake you have made, yet losing you are...a different game you should play.
In dark times nothing there is.
In the end, cowards are those who follow the dark side.
Is the dark side stronger?
No, no, no.
Quicker, easier, more seductive.
Jedi mind trick works not on me.
Only money.
Journeyed here you should not have.
Know you that which you need.
Learn about the living Force you still have much.
Learn much from this defeat you can.
Let go of your conscious self.
Looking?
Found someone you have, I would say.
Luke you must complete the training.
Master of evil Darth is.
Meditate on this I will.
Meditation helps the rows go by faster.
Misread the prophecy could have been.
Much to learn you still have.
My ally is the Force.
Mysterious are the ways of the Force.
Never forget to let go of joy for anger you must not.
Never his mind on where was what.
No luck will you have killing me.
No mistake, more training you require.
No need weapons have we, hmm?
No place doom and gloom is for a child.
No, YOU will die!
Not if anything to say about it I have!
Nothing more will I teach you today.
Now matters are worse.
Of the dark side you still are.
Only different in your mind.
Practice this technique you must.
Qui-Gon's defiance I sense in you.
Right you were.
Running away again are you?
See through you we can.
Seek not the forbidden power.
Sense the Force surrounding you.
Short time I have here, yes.
Show off do you, hmm?
Simple it is not.
Sit here I will, torment me you will.
Skywalker I thought I could train.
So certain are you.
Some failure perhaps in your teaching methods there has been, hmm?
Stretch out with your feelings.
Strong am I with the Force.
Strong in the Force young Skywalker is.
Supreme art of survival cloud your judgement not must.
Teach you today I cannot.
The Force is my ally and a powerful ally it is.
The Force is strong with this one.
There is...another...Sky...Skywalker.
Think wisely you must.
Through patience and training is skill learned.
To answer power with power the Jedi way this is not.
To exile I will go; failed I have.
Twice the pride double the fall.
Use your feelings you must.
Weak minded you are strong with the force.
When we rescue the Chancellor patience you must have.
Where there's smoke there's probably a crashed TIE fighter.
Wisdom they held, but that library contained no books.
Wish I could help her I do.
With the Force you much accomplish still can.
Yaddle spoke highly of you.
You are focussed on the negative, be mindful of your thoughts.
You are reckless.
You cannot escape your destiny.
You do not yet realize your importance.
You fought well my old Padawan.
You have anger you have hate but no focus.
You have much to unlearn.
You must join me.
You need a new strategy war does not make one great.
You'll be dead!
Young but wise you are.
Young fool.
Only now, at the end, do you understand.
Your apprentice you have sent to destroy me.
Your mind powers will not work on me Jedi.
Your path you must decide.
Your weapons you will not need them.
Believe you do?
Wish it were true I do.
Came that boy did, seeking Skywalker.
Captured my friends have been, help I need.
Careful planning you require.
Caught up in great events you are.
Change your path only you can.
Clear I must be, or lead you astray I will.
Clouded the dark side makes things.
Correct you were.
Embrace your anger you do.
Dangerous that can be.
Feel the Force flow through you.
Find what is lost and restore balance you will.
For the Jedi order to prosper, sacrifice is required.
Get this heap of junk out of here!
Go with you I cannot.
Good against remotes is one thing, against the living, that's something else.
Good job.
At last you're getting.
Han is right.
Heeded my words not did you.
If so powerful you are, why leave?
In darkness times only hope, I sense in you.
Jedi you can be.
Jedi use the Force for defense, never attack.
Know you nothing of Jedi power.
Learn to let go what you fear to lose you must.
Left alone too long we have, the falcon.
Light and dark struggling inside you.
Light thinker you are not.
Matters worse you have made.
Meditation will help uncloud the dark side.
Mourn them do not.
Miss them do not.
My ally is the Force, and a powerful ally it is.
No luck will you have killing me, boy.
Your skills are complete.
No time there is for research.
Nothing more can I teach him.
No, he is not ready.
On planets suffering think I do, not Kashyyk.
Only a fully trained Jedi Knight will conquer Vader and his Emperor.
If you end your training now, you will be allowing them to win.
Only those who master patience see through the illusion.
Overconfidence is dangerous.
Patience you must learn if responsible for Anakin you are.
Right Threepio is.
Rushing into things recklessly you have a habit of doing.
See things clearly at last do you?
Sense much fear in you.
Skywalker travels here secretly.
So sure are you.
Always with you it cannot be done.
Hear you nothing that I say?
Still you have much to learn.
Calm, at peace you must be.
Taught you well has Obi-Wan.
That ship is garbage!
The Jedi order shall fall, and you will be forgotten.
The Sith always there are two.
There is no try, do or do not.
These are your first steps.
Think wisely you must how to use this power of yours.
Understand most of what go on around me I cannot.
Use your feelings, Obi-Wan, and find him you will.
Wars do not make one great.
Why here nobody brought you?
A big adventure ahead of you there is.
A boring conversation this is.
A complete fool you are making of yourself.
A good question that is.
Ponder on this I will.
A heavy burden is the past.
A life debt to me you owe.
A long journey awaits you still.
A lot to think about I have.
A poor teacher blames his failures on his students.
A powerful ally is the Force.
A second chance I will give you, though deserve it you do not!
Access the force younglings must learn.
Achieved balance you have not.
Act without wisdom why did you?
Adventure excitement heh a Jedi craves not these things.
Afraid are you?
Against remotes is one thing good.
Against the living, that's something else.
Aggressive negotiations my speciality is.
Agreed with Master Yoda am I.
Listen to him you should!
Aid me you said you would.
Betrayed you have!
Aid you I will.
Allow your fear to slip away.
An apprentice in time you will have Skywalker.
Guide others to the force you can.
An apprentice you have, Qui-Gon?
How can this be?
An elegant weapon, for a more civilized age.
An enemy made have you today.
Another happy landing!
Antilles they were animals.
And I slaughtered them like animals!
Appearances can be deceiving.
Appreciate guidance you do not.
Follow rules and obedience required for Jedi training are!
Artoo says you forgot to take the lens cap off again.
At peace you must be for the force to flow through you.
Attachments forbidden fear and anger they lead to.
Avoid opinions on things you do not understand.
Bad feeling I have about this.
Balance we must find again.
Be a sage you must become.
Be at balance with the Force you must.
Be patient you must.
Guide you the Force will in time.
Been waiting for you we have.
Late you are!
Before death there is the Force.
Believe do you that you have come to the end of your training?
Decide we will.
Betray you I sense the Emperor will.
Blind we are if creation of this clone army we could not see.
Brave of you coming here.
But up against a Jedi you are no match.
Bright center to the universe you remain.
Bring balance again to the Force how can this child?
Calm and at peace a Jedi must be.
Anger clouds judgment.
Calm yourself young one.
Let the Force flow through you.
Careful must you be when friends you do not fully trust.
Caught up in the politics of war the Jedi have become.
Changed much has in twenty years.
For the better I think not.
Clear your mind must be if use the Force you wish to.
Clever his strategy is.
Predictable perhaps we have become.
Clouded this boy's future is.
Clues we need if to solve this mystery we hope.
Investigate further we must.
Come I will, for grave danger fellow Jedi face.
Aid them I can.
Come, good relations with Wookiees I have.
Complete his training I will not.
The boy has no patience.
Concerned are we about young Skywalker's future.
Possess much fear and anger within him I sense.
Confidence in yourself you lack.
Lead others you cannot until believe in yourself you do.
Confidence you must have.
Trust in the living Force surrounds us it does.
Calm, at peace inside you must become.
Conflict resides in all of us.
The struggle is not to let it consume us.
Conquered by oneself, friend or foe matters not.
By no one is one defeated but by oneself.
Consider what you say carefully you must.
Think not with your emotions but with wisdom.
Constantly in motion the future is.
Always changing never fixed.
Control the Chosen One you cannot.
His destiny not in your hands lies it does.
Correct Obi-Wan is.
Always two there are, a master and an apprentice.
Could design this ship better I could!
Piece of junk it is!
Create shadows where none exist we should not.
Mindful of the living Force be.
Danger I sense lurking ahead.
Proceed with caution we must.
Dangerous guessing can be.
Absolute certainty require we do not.
Dark times these are.
Shrouded the Force is.
But ever with us it remains.
Deceived by those who wish us harm many Jedi have become.
Vigilance required is.
Deep commitment you have made.
Strong foundation for Jedi training set you have.
But prepare for hardship you must.
Not easy is the path.
Defeated again by something so...trivial.
Delightful to hear your progress brings me joy.
But remind you arrogance will not, to stay humble and vigilant.
Deserve your arrogance you do not.
Just begun your training is.
Far to go still you have!
Destroy the Sith we must.
Determination you have.
Dangerous pursuing your goals recklessly can be.
Patience required is.
Devoted to you Skywalker is.
Dangerous this is in dark times like these.
Did I not warn all you younglings to stay away from the forbidden archives?
Access restricted only to Jedi Masters it is.
Difficult to see the Sith resurgence was.
In the Force darkness clouds everything.
Restore balance we must.
Disobeyed me again you have young one.
When a Jedi speaks you will listen.
Understood me?
Taught you well your master has.
Disturbing is this vision of...pain suffering...death.
The dark side I sense rising.
Dooku was once a Jedi.
How could he turn to the dark side?
Blind are we if we let this happen again we do!
Doubt I sense in you.
Unsure of your future?
Trust in the force you must.
Drawn to the mysteries of the Force you are.
Natural this curiosity is.
But mind what you have learned and discipline require you do.
Easy is the path to wisdom for those not blinded by ego.
Clear your mind.
Listen.
Through the force things you will see.
Eating dumplings with you, most amusing experience it would be!
Embarrassing.
How embarrassing!
Emotions can cloud the judgment of even the wisest of Jedi Masters.
Learn to control yours you must.
Empty your mind you must young Skywalker.
Calm, passive, serene.
Yes, feel the Force flow now do you?
Endurance patience you must learn padawan.
Easy the Jedi path is not.
But overcome adversity with wisdom and training you can.
Energy surrounds us and binds the Galaxy together.
Luminous beings are we.
Enough.
Failed you may have but listen and learn from this defeat you can.
Give up so easily a Jedi does not.
Entertaining distractions will only delay your training.
Games and frivolity later come.
Study now you must!
Escape Dooku did but at great cost.
Half the victory Anakin's was.
Even in exile contact between Jedi there is.
Sensed a disturbance in the Force Master Kenobi has.
Sent young Skywalker to find you he has as grave events now in motion are.
Everything is proceeding as I have foreseen...cackle cackle cackle...
Examine your heart and question this belief you must.
Absolute certainty, clarity of purpose in no one exists except perhaps in the arrogance of youth.
Excited are you always for adventure young one?
Calm patience required is.
Listen to the Force, let it be your guide.
Failed to defeat your enemy you have padawan.
But listen and learn from them you can.
Study their strengths and weaknesses carefully.
Your next encounter different may be.
Mindful of your thoughts you must be!
Fear not for those transformed by the will of the Force.
Mourn them do not, miss them do not.
Feel the force within you let it lift you up.
But restraint also learned must be or to darkness may you fall.
Feeling cleared your mind is?
Good, good.
Continue your exercises you must.
Fickle is the heart.
Easily swayed by emotion and desire.
Master your feelings you must!
Focused on the goal ahead you must stay.
Allow anxieties about the future to cloud your purpose you must not!
Foolish risks will only delay your training young one.
Reckless you are.
Learn patience and discipline you must.
For 800 years have I trained Jedi.
My own counsel I will keep on who is ready for trials!
Forever onward future continues.
Fought well you did.
But more training require you do.
Prepare for another encounter with your rival.
Use knowledge from this defeat to strengthen yourself!
From experience wisdom grows.
But care and mindfulness required for lessons to take root.
Frustrating setbacks can be.
But from adversity and failure greatest progress comes.
Patience you must have.
Further study required this is.
Access the restricted holocrons and ancient scripts I will allow.
But mind what you have learned not all knowledge leads to wisdom!
Future velocity cannot change mid-flight.
Fixed destiny is not.
In motion choices each moment make future fluid.
Good is he.
To us all much does he give.
Good relations with Wookiees I have!
Great care you must take when sensing the future.
Vision fulfillment not guaranteed is.
Great joy your progress brings to this old heart.
But remind you humility does, still far to go you have.
Grown more powerful than any Jedi have I become.
The dark side I sense in you too.
Embrace it if you wish to achieve such strength!
Guide you in this vision I cannot.
Decipher its meaning alone you must through patience and mindful reflection!
Hard to see the dark side is.
Blind we have become.
Hard to see through the lies of the Sith it is.
But vigilant we must remain.
Trust in the Force...always there to guide us it shall be.
Beware the dark side young one.
Mind your thoughts and feelings.
Have good relations with the Wookiees I do.
Aid us on Kashyyyk they can perhaps.
He is the chosen one...you must see it.
Hear but listening not are you.
Reckless with half-truths filled your mind is.
Patience you must learn padawan.
Heart and mind must be as one to wield the Force, not heart vs mind or mind vs heart.
Help keepers of peace not warriors we are.
Changed much has in the Republic.
Help you I wish I could.
If not for this war distracting the Jedi...
Here to rescue me again you are?
My hero heh heh.
Hidden always a few truths remain.
The full picture never to us revealed is.
Find patience in the not knowing young one.
Still much to experience you have!
His loss of the Force...how is this possible?
Study this we must less others to Vader's fate succumb.
Hmm...lost a planet Master Obi-Wan has.
Hope you give but warning also deserved is.
Balance needed between hope and wisdom.
If a man dedicates his life to good deeds and the welfare of others, he will die unmourned.
No flowers grace his grave, no candles set to honor him.
Respect he earns, praise he receives little.
But all life briefly touches he does!
If no mistake you have made...yet losing you are, a different game you should play!
Heed my words not did you!
If the Force you must seek outside yourself, forever will it elude your grasp ho ho ho.
Within you always it dwells.
There patience find you shall.
If thousands of hours to prepare for anything you have...
Left preparations until the last minute why did you?
If understand the way of things you do not...why cause disturbance you make?
Accept what is and be at peace young one!
If you leave now, help them you could.
But you would destroy all for which they have fought and suffered.
Abandon all that you have learned?
Is that what wish you to do?
Ignorance yet much you show youngling.
When a Jedi Master speaks you will listen.
Your fool head fill with the ancient wisdoms I must.
Illuminated beings are we, not this crude matter.
Luminous beings connected to all things are we.
Through the mystical energy field binds the universe together it does.
Impatience will be your undoing young one.
Calm reflection and inner peace required!
Important it is to let infants take small steps.
Only through practice learning comes.
Small accomplishments confidence build.
Baby steps crucial they are!
Impossible to see the future is.
In motion always it is.
Ever changing from moment to moment.
You must be prepared for anything.
In darkness cold find warmth.
In despair find hope.
From chaos order emerges.
Balance ever shall the Force work to maintain.
In exile must I go.
In the Force very strong was he.
Like his father.
In Vader's head you must delve, the way ahead clearly see you will.
In your anger patience find.
In fury seek wisdom.
From rage calm springs forth.
Balance ever the Force works to maintain.
Increase Jedi power temptation will bring.
Resist you must for leads to the dark side this does.
Infinite combinations possible in the universe there are.
This precise meeting mere chance was not.
The will of the Force it is.
Inner calm, outer steadiness.
Train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose and attachment shall fade.
Balance you will find.
Insults and slights are merely weapons of the weak.
Into exile I must go.
Failed I have...
Is it better to be born good or overcome your evil nature through great effort?
Wrong question this is.
Striving to better oneself matters most not debates about intrinsic character at birth.
It surrounds us and penetrates us.
It binds the galaxy together.
And gives clarity to those open to receive it.
Joined the Force your father has padawan.
Mourn him do not.
Always here surrounding us he shall be.
Can you feel his presence?
Yes...
flowing through you his gifts are!
Journeys end in lovers meeting.
A master and an apprentice coming together.
viels drop away beginnings emerge.
Destiny awakens!
Keep friends close and teachers closer.
But blind trust afford no one for even wise Masters fools sometimes be.
Knowledge and defense, never for attack.
Known the Force for 800 years have I.
Seen much in that time I have.
Open yourself to the living Force young one!
Always here to teach an open student it shall be.
Learning and wisdom are oft found in unexpected places.
Open always your mind must be.
Lesser creatures argue to defend their limitations greater beings seek to surpass them.
Wisdom and training for you still much needed are young padawan.
Let them strike your compassion not your patience and tranquility.
The force shall sustain you.
Like fire across the galaxy has this clone war spread.
Consumed the Jedi order nearly has it.
Ended quickly this must be or perish we shall all.
Listen not through the ears but with the soul entire.
There answers find you will.
Live in the moment let go of anxieties about the future or regrets over the past.
The force shall sustain you now in precense ever flowing!
And well you should not.
For my ally is the Force.
And a powerful ally it is.
How embarrassing how embarrassing.
Love strength it gives.
Fear destroyed by it is.
But obsessive can it become.
Careful you must be padawan!
Luminous beings are we not this crude matter.
The Force surrounds us, binds us.
Connects all living things across space and time.
Many hands in the closing darkness there must be lest all light fade forever it shall.
Many speak never listening.
In the Force, much to learn there still is.
The dark side, clouds everything.
Much to learn you still have, young one.
Only the present, you must focus on.
In you, much potential I see.
To be Jedi is to face the truth, and choose.
A long time have I watched.
Always his mind on the horizon, never on where he was.
Forever sleep, earned it I have.
To end the darkness, into the light we must go.
When nine hundred years old you reach, look as good, you will not.
Difficult to see, the future is.
Matters are worse.
Pass on what you have learned.
Other places.
The future, the past.
A Jedi’s strength flows from the Force.
Much anger in him, like his father.
The shroud of the dark side has fallen.
Begun, the Clone War has.
Secrets, lies, creating mistrust are they.
A powerful Sith you will become, henceforth, you shall be known as Darth...
Vader.
Remember, a Jedi's strength flows from the Force.
In the shadows, the truth often hides.
The future, uncertain it is.
Feel the Force around you.
In harmony with the Force, your mind must be.
Your destiny, shape it you must.
Always moving is the future.
From mistakes, learn we do.
The dark side, seductive it is.
A Jedi’s heart, on helping others it must focus.
In every challenge, a lesson there is.
The truth, more complicated it is.
Trust in your instincts, you must.
With patience, victory you will find.
Deeper understanding, from conflict it comes.
In stillness, the Force speaks.
A Jedi's life, sacrifice it is.
Great courage, in small acts we see.
In the Force, balance find you must.
Answers, not in words, but actions they lie.
The Force, strong it is with this one.
Strong feelings of anger I sense in you.
When you look at the dark side, careful you must be.
Difficult to see, always in motion the future is.
If no mistake you have made, losing you are.
A different game you should play.
Much to learn still he has.
Feel don’t think.
Clear your mind must be if you are to discover the real villains behind this plot.
A nice gesture it was.
Thank you.
When 900 years old you reach, look as good you will not, hmmm?
Careful you must be when sensing the future.
A plan there never was.
Only a fool's hope!
War does not make one great.
Yes, mmmm.
Always two there are, no more, no less.
Death is a natural part of life.
Rejoice for those around you who transform into the Force.
Powerful you have become, the dark side I sense in you.
Control, control, you must learn control!
Concentrate...
feel the Force flow.
Yes.
Good.
Don’t trust them
Difficult to see.
Always in motion the future is.
Ready are you?
What know you of ready?
Train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose
Many of the truths that we cling to depend on our point of view
Be mindful of your thoughts, for they become words.
Be mindful of your words, for they become actions.
Act on instinct.
Trust your feelings.
Show patience you must.
Through the Force, many possibilities I see.
With the Force as my ally, underestimate me not.
Powers you have only begun to discover!
Taught you well I have.
Troubling feelings I sense in you.
Power.
Unlimited power!
Clear your mind of questions.
Great care you must take.
Balance there must be between chaos and order.
Long time have I watched you.
All your life as it unfolded.
Found someone you have I see.
Unexpected this is, and unfortunate.
The Force can have a strong influence on the weak-minded.
Through discipline the mind can be cleansed of falsehoods.
Forever will domination of your destiny continue if you start down the dark path.
Feelings can deceive you, do not trust them.
Dreams of failure dreams are.
Helped us the Force has when needed it we most.
How Embarrassing.
Lost a planet, Obi-Wan has.
Too old.
Too old to begin the training!
A wise Jedi keeps his thoughts on the present moment.
Ah, to be feeling young again I would.
Forewarned you were.
Know you did the risk, yet embrace it recklessly you still did.
Stupid, most unwise!
At one with the force they are.
At last revealed my soul is.
Fixed number of pieces the future has not.
Open the future remains.
Be luminous beings we are, not this crude matter.
A path to many abilities some consider unnatural this is.
Who's more foolish - the fool, or the fool who follows him?
Fully defeated has my enemy been.
Rejoicing do I find my soul.
Always reckless you have been.
Adventure, excitement - these things a Jedi craves not.
To be Jedi is to confront fear.
To overcome fear leads to the dark side fear does.
You must learn control.
Fear of loss is a path to the dark side.
Hmmm.
Learn to calm yourself, to ceasr swimming against the current simply because you cannot see the shore.
A challenge lifelong it is, not to bend fear into anger.
Ah, Strong am I with the force,but many weaknesses still have I.
Revealed your opinion is.
Always with you what I have taught shall be.
If once you start down the dark path, forever dominate your destiny it will.
No try.
Only do, or not do.
But beware anger, fear, aggression.
The dark side are they.
Invisible does not mean unfindable.
Look inside you must.
When anger rises, think first.
React mindfully you should.
Judge by appearances, do not.
Search your feelings, you will know.
Fear of loss leads to greed.
Greed to anger leads.
Suffering to hatred comes.
A rock, am I not.
Stubborn and steadfast stand I will against the crashing waves of ignorance and fear.
Calm your anger you must, or to the dark side will it carry you.
Powerful you have become.
The dark side I sense in you.
Lost in darkness this apprentice has become.
Twisted by the dark side young Skywalker has become.
Touch the dark side only once it takes.
To forever dominate your destiny continue down that path it will.
Clear your mind must be, if you are to find the villains behind this plot.
Mighty are you with the Force.
But crave not adventure and excitement these things.
A Jedi tranquil is.
At peace with the Force always.
Careful you must be when sensing the future Anakin.
Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny, consume you it will.
Silence.
Keep your secrets safe, I will.
Mindful of your thoughts you must be, for words they become.
Mindful of your words you must be, for actions they become.
Ah, Strong am I with the force,but weaknesses still I have many.
Help me Obi-Wan Kenobi.
You're my only hope.
When you look at the Dark Side, very careful you must be.
For the rest of your life dominate you it will.
Good of you to stop by my young friend.
Tea perhaps?
You must learn control!!
Fear, anger, aggression: the Dark Side they are.
Gone is the light.
Evil has fallen this day.
If adventure you seek, a good home for you this is not.
A master and an apprentice.
Strange is it not?
When need it most, help often will come from most unexpected places.
Excitement, adventure, a Jedi craves not these things.
Fine addition to my collection, you shall be.
Great warrior.
My ally the Force is.
Powerful it makes me.
Wars do not one great make.
Careful you must with visions be, for often what you see, changing it is.
If fail you do, faster learn from it you will.
Consume you it will, as it did Obi-Wan's apprentice.
Around the survivors a perimeter create.
It may help you.
Yoda I am.
Teach you the ways of the force I will.
Help you I can.
Guide you as learn the ways of the Force.
Feel.
Don't Think.
Trust your instincts.
Must learn control you must!
Once entered the dark forest, the path ahead always dark there is.
Turn back now if wisdom guides you still.
Train yourself to let go, of everything you're afraid to lose.
Use your instincts.
Feel, don't think too much.
Faith in your apprentice misplaced may be.
As is your faith in the dark side of the force.
To denial fly?
To sorrow perhaps?
Seeking solitude you are?
Company you wish some other time perhaps.
Welcome you are young Solo.
And you young Skywalker.
Enter and tea with me share you should while the dawn still sleeps.
Strict rules the Council has about attachment, yet formed a strong bond we have.
Forbidden this is, yet against the Code sometimes one must go.
Come.
Enter my hut you should, my young apprentice.
Tea and biscuits await us they do.
Tell me of your training and lessons from today.
Ah, to be 827 years old again.
What wisdom and clarity age brings.
Yet forget the playfulness of youth we must not.
Guide you to peace and understanding I will.
But inside yourself the answers lie.
Listen and reflect carefully you must.
When looking to the horizon your gaze wanders, return it you must back to the path ahead.
Lead you astray day dreams will.
Blame not the teacher when lacking the student is.
Willingness to learn opens many doors.
But enter them yourself you must.
Let go of fear to lose your loved ones you must.
The wisdom is to face what you most fear and let go.
The end this is not, but merely a detour to understanding and peace.
When lost you are, still ahead the journey lies.
Not all those who wander are lost.
But lost become all can.
Not ahead nor behind lies the truth, but deep inside yourself.
Find it you must!
Not all those who wander are lost, but don't take a map!
The joy is in the journey, and not the destination.
Meet fellow travelers you will.
Adventure and excitement look not for in far corners of the galaxy.
But deep inside yourself lies the greatest adventure.
Begin that journey today you should!
Not all sandwiches are created equal.
But all can satisfy hunger in their own way.
Appreciate differences learn we must.
Fear leads to anger, anger to hate, hate to suffering.
Pause and breathe when fear arises.
Mask not your feelings, but see them clearly without judgement.
This the path to peace is.
Judge not others before walking in their shoes you have.
Understand not the struggles of others fully you can.
Compassion open your heart must to find truth.
Adventure and excitement always loom on horizon.
But Jedi craves them not.
Bring not peace but restless dreaming they do.
Appreciate the quiet moments, let go of distractions.
Therein wisdom lies.
Already know you, that which you need.
Trust in it you must!
When old you reach nine hundred years, good look you not will hmmm?
But matter appearance does not.
Judge me not by how tall I stand, but how big my heart within!
Fear not my size do you?
For my ally the Force is!
Matters not what your eyes can see.
Feel don't think!
Judge not by appearances only my young Padawan!
Not adventure and excitement does a Jedi seek, but peace and wisdom.
Found not in lightspeed or clash of 'sabers are these things.
But in quiet contemplation and mastery of self.
There patience lies.
Come meditate with me you should!
When look to horizon you do, miss the path ahead you may.
Adventure, ha!
Excitement, pah!
Crave these things a Jedi does not.
Code of ethics we have.
Follow it strictly Jedi must.
Guide you to self-reflection I will.
Inward you must gaze.
No emotion or passion clouds the mind.
Many truths we cling to depend greatly on our point of view.
Open and eager to learn.
The dark side clouds all.
Impossible to see the future clearly is.
Adventure leads to excitement.
Excitement to fear and distraction.
When looking to horizon, miss path ahead you might.
Keep focus you must!
Breathe deeply.
Let go.
The shadow of greed that is.
You must feel the Force around you.
Here, between you and me and the tree.
The rock.
Everywhere!
Yes, even the land.
Light or dark consuming, a balance there must be.
Lead to suffering they do.
No uncontrolled emotion clouds the mind.
A Jedi weapon the lightsaber is, for defense never attack.
A Jedi must be at peace.
Knowledge fading sunlight is.
Your eyes can deceive you.
Don't trust them.
Projecting into the future we are.
When ego rises wisdom subsides.
Attachment forbidden is.
Yet formed a bond we have.
Code sometimes break Jedi must.
Guide you to understanding I will.
But in yourself answers lie.
Listen and reflect you must!
Yoda still I am.
Teach you more I can.
Listen you must.
Judge not a being by its size.
Focus on the within not without.
When looking outwards your gaze turns, forget the present it does.
Always two there are.
No more, no less.
A master and apprentice.
Projecting into future we are.
Mindful of now we must stay.
Great suffering they lead to.
Ego rise wisdom subsides.
Pride clouds judgment it does.
Let go attachment you must.
Excitement judgement blinds.
Peace and wisdom is the path.
Face your fears you must.
Let go you will see.
Much to teach an old Jedi it has.
When gaze outwards mind wanders, forget the moment it does.
Return focus inward you must.
Fear leads to anger, anger hatred fuels.
Pause when fear rises, breathe deep, let all go.
Believe not what first you see.
Deeper look you must.
When outwards your eyes turn, inwards must again they look.
Miss much on surface do we.
Let go fears of loss you must.
Knowledge fades like sunset it does.
Learn in turn someone else then can.
Circle of wisdom flows eternal.
Projecting futureward leads to impatience.
When dark times come, friends your light shall be.
Welcome them always should you.
Fear not difficulty.
Embrace challenge we must to grow.
When eyes turn outwards, inward anew they must look.
Much deeper truth inside dwells.
Hbmm..Reconsider I should.
Much to learn I still have.
When old you get, look this good you will not!
But years bring much wisdom they do.
Accept change learn you must.
Pause when fear rises.
Let emotions flow past like river.
Down dark path once traveled, consume you it will.
Great strength needed to return to light.
But possible always it is.
Hope exists where will does.
Always in motion the future.
Difficult to see it is.
Everchanging as waves on shore.
Miss much do we on surface.
Deeper dwells greater truth.
Look inward more should we.
Fade like sunset knowledge does without sharing.
Then learn anew someone else can.
Further down dark path I cannot guide you.
Turn back now to light I urge you.
Balance find once more.
Believe you me not always should.
Think critically you must!
Mindful of fear, but dwelling not.
Breathing deeply knowledge comes, emotions passes like clouds in wind.
Between darkness and light balance lies.
Fear not the shadow but seek the dawn.
In present moment find focus once more.
Listen or speak.
Think or act.
There is only do or not do.
No try exists.
Guide lost travelers it may.
Share your light when darkness surrounds.
Let wisdom be thy torch.
But mind and spirit youthful stay if open to learn.
Pause fear arises.
Emotions pass like clouds in wind.
Believe not what your eyes show.
Look deeper for truth you must.
Once down dark path tread, forever dominate destiny it will.
Back ever difficult.
Choice balances as on knife edge.
When lost way is found.
Behind and ahead journey lies.
Return focus to present.
Waste not the moment.
Mindful breathe deep wisdom comes, emotions pass as wind through leaves.
Let fears go.
Trust deeper truth.
Down dark path one turns, forever dominate it will.
Great strength needed to come back to light.
But possible always that is.
Hope exists where determination lies.
Weapons not make one great.
But wisdom might.
Excitement blinds judgement.
Look deeper you must for truth.
Face your fears you must to be free.
Let go of judgement have you will see much.
If enter dark woods you do, ahead always darkness lurks.
Turn back I urge if wisdom prevails.
Return focus to inside self you must.
There peace and truth abide.
Present with breath and senses.
Let emotions wander on like clouds.
Stay with what is real not false perception.
Projecting futures leads nowhere.
Mindful of now is the way.
At peace yet awake.
Still yet ready.
Be like Jedi in all moments.
Return gaze inside to find peace.
Wars lead only suffering and chaos.
Peace the Jedi way is.
Inward look again you must.
Mind what learned you have.
Guide those lost it will.
Share your light when darkness nears.
Wisdom be torch on path ahead.
Jewel wisdom is, among mundane stones ordinary mind lies.
Polish heart and thoughts towards awakening.
Shine on friend!
Believe your eyes do not.
Deeper truth lies within.
Present with each breath and step.
Emotions clouds in wind let pass.
Stay with what real is.
Looking outward eye wanders.
Return gaze inside for truth.
Peace within abides.
But beware emotions of fear, anger and hate.
In turn teaches someone else it then can.
Trail of wisdom circle of knowledge is.
Grow branches from roots.
Reach skyward.
Deeper dwells greater truth inside.
Face what you fear and let go is way of Jedi.
Breathe deep, let emotions flow on.
Looking outward the mind wanders.
Return gaze inward for peace.
Judge not by appearances but wisdom alone.
Small beings great understanding sometimes have.
Suffering follows.
A Jedi seeks not these things.
Projecting into future impatience finds.
Mindful of now wisdom sees.
At peace yet ready.
Be like Jedi always.
Return to present again you must.
Dwell not on horizons beyond sight or reach.
The end this is not but merely new beginning.
Ahead always journey lies.
An open and willing mind, pathway to wisdom it is.
Let down defenses you must!
Return focus inside where peace abides.
When darkness falls look inside for your light.
Share bright soul with others.
Guide way for lost.
With senses fully open.
Let preconceptions go on like passing winds.
Seeking adventure a Jedi does not.
For inward self-mastery the true journey lies.
Travel far have I.
But always more ahead remains!
Pause when fear rises, breathe deep, emotions flow away down river of being.
Yours eyes will often deceive you, trust them you should not.
Focus on feelings, deeper truth they show.
Return focus to inside self.
Peace and truth abide therein.
With each breath and step present.
Emotions pass like winds.
Abide in stillness under all.
Deeper truth inside dwells.
Still mind finds inner sight.
Shadow of greed it casts.
Let go fears of loss.
Inward anew it must look.
Surface impressions deception often are.
Face what you fear, let judgement pass.
The way ahead shall be revealed.
Projecting futures impatience breeds.
Mindfulness now wisdom sees.
Let anxiety go.
Adventure misleads mind.
Excitement blinds good judgement.
Wars not make one great but lead to suffering.
Peace and wisdom way of Jedi is.
Inward must it turn again.
Deeper truth inside abides.
Let thoughts flow on like passing winds.
Yours eyes will often deceive you, trust them alone you should not.
Hear now with your feelings, deeper truth they show.
Trust emerges.
Return focus inside to find peace.
There truth abides.
Pause when fear rises up.
Peace and wisdom real Jedi seeks.
The shadow of greed that casts.
Let go your fears of loss.
Hard to see always in motion the future is.
Ever-changing as waves upon the shore.
Weapons do not make one great.
But wisdom might!
Return focus inside self where truth abides.
The way is to face what you most fear and simply let go.
The path ahead will be revealed!
Learn much from mistakes you can.
Fear not errors but press on towards truth.
Restless heart confuses mightily.
Breathe deep, let anxieties go.
Wisdom emerges.
Return gaze inside self where truth abides.
Emotions flow away down river of being.
Shadow of greed that is.
Letting go fears of loss you must!
In present anew it must dwell.
When true path found, ahead journey always lies!
Return inside self for truth and peace.
Not horizons nor distractions!
Emotion uncontrolled clouds the mind it does.
Let feelings go like clouds drifting on breezes unfelt.
Projecting futures impatience finds.
Mindfulness of now wisdom recognizes.
Let go anxieties.
Be here now.
Weapons leader great not make.
Face what you fear most.
Let judgements go shall you.
The way forward revealed will be.
Inward it must turn again!
Deeper truth inside abides always.
The end this is not but new beginning.b
When lost found.
Ahead ever journey lies!
Breathe deep, let emotions flow on winds unfelt.
Stillness under turbulence is way of Jedi!
Hard to see always in motion future is.
Weapons one not great make.
Wisdom walks different path.
Seek to know not to oppose.
Anger hate fuels.
Emotions river flowing free.
Return anew inward it must.
Mindful of this moment stay must you!
When gaze outward, inward must again look.
Miss much on surface we do.
Face what you most fear and let go you must.
Believe eyes alone do not!
Breathe deep, emotions flow on.
Return focus inside for peace.
If down dark path go, forever dominate destiny it will.
Back difficult.
Choice as balance.
Senses fully open, preconceptions none.
Judge nothing eyes perceive.
Thoughts wander like passing winds.
Anxious heart confuses.
Trust emerges from depths.
Return focus inside for truth.
There peace abides.
Learn from mistakes much you can.
Fear not errors but onward press.
Breathe deep, emotions pass.
Stillness under waves is way of Jedi!
Wisdom emerges from depths.
Fully here with open senses.
Way ahead revealed will be!
Thought thoughts wander on like breeze.
Thoughts flow on like passing breeze.
